# LOOP DEFI

## Reward Mechanism

### The NFTs
A user buys an NFT, and earn has long as he holds it in his wallet. If the user transfer or sell that NFT, The New owner will be the beneficiary of the earnings after ward.

Example with cHack (Farming Compound and EthEarn)

The user buy the cHack NFT locking .1 Ether in Compound for Ever. The user will earn the interest on all the Ether that got locked forever after.
The cHack NFT contract is also lending platform for the EthEarn trading mechanism. All the fees payed by borrowers are going to the NFT Owners in EthEarn Tokens. 


A user will only receive reward for one NFT from each Vault contract. It remain possible to buy the same NFT multiple time, but you will not get more rewards by having the same Vault's NFT.

 - Compound NFT vault (ETH + COMP + EthEarn) (Generate fees in Compound Borrowable assets by users)
 - Aave NFT vault (DAI + AAVE + EthEarn) (Sme Process)


### THE Liquidity Providers

Traders can create "swappable" orders to earn on the asset they provide. This order can be traded both ways when it gets filled. The fees are going in the providers balance. and the order can be traded for ever back and forward.

Example;

A user create an Order of 1001 DAI FOR 999 USDC. Once he traded this order, he will have and order up for 999 USDC for 1001. The person who filled the order payed some fees. Some of it are left in the Liquidity Providers balance. Every time the swappable order get filled. The provider receive a share of the fees back.

### THE Traders

Traders are being reward in loop tokens by filling more than once order at once. Every subsequent order filled will raise that Bonus factor.

(nbrOfOrder-1) * USD Traded Value = Bonus factor

Your total Bonus Factor / Total Cumulated Bonus factor = Your share of the EthEarn Tokens pool

### THE Swappers

The same rule apply. The user will only get a bonus if he fills multiple order when swapping.








The project consists in offering a minimalist yet efficient trade/swap mechanism and take an approach that a lot of solidity developers fear, loops.

- Upgradeable Contract
- Gnosis Safe app 
- Hardhat
- ethers/web3
- WalletConnect
- React
- ENS name
- IPFS NFTs
- COMPOUND



## The Loop DEFI

A Contract made of one big loop that can perform trade in an arbitrary way to offer a more flexible trading experience with other protocols, in both passive and active ways.

- Swaping 
- Tradding (DEX)
- Looping (Multi Asset trade)
- Earn (Nft)
- The loop can lend funds to the traders allowing them to perform trades without any funds. (Compound,...)
- Users can earn from that pool. The Owners of the cHack NFT will earn the interest on the locked funds as well as the fees generated by each loan.
- The loop recycle your order book entry allowing you to save on storage cost while trading or update your asking price.



## Usefull Link

[Hardhat](https://hardhat.org/guides/vscode-tests.html)
[OpenZeppelin](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/4.x/)
[ENS](https://docs.ens.domains/dapp-developer-guide/ens-as-nft)
[COMPOUND](https://compound.finance/docs)




[MonyHack2021 Prokect Page](https://showcase.ethglobal.co/hackmoney2021/loop-defi)



[LOOP DEFI DISCORD](https://discord.gg/cSuDAmNWNX)